Okay.
So we have defined a new property on our View Store State and we've also defined a complimentary mutation
method to update that state property.
The next thing I want to focus on is writing a bunch of getters.
So I've opened up my getters Jast file on the left and the complimentary test suite of getters that
test that Jess on the right.
And as a reminder, when we were building out our organization's selection feature in the previous section,
we actually ended up writing Two Getters.
The first getter here is the one that returned a set of all of the unique organizations by iterating
over our array of jobs in The View Star State.
So that was simply returning the set of organizations that we then used to create a checkbox for each
one on the left hand panel.
And then the second getter was filter jobs by organizations, and that was the one that actually iterated
over the jobs and returned a subset array of just the jobs with organizations that belong to the users
selected organizations.
So following this protocol, this design, this implementation, I think it makes sense to copy it.
So I can see us defining two new getters.
The first will be unique job types to get a set of all of the unique job types from the jobs.
And then the second one will be filter jobs by job types, which will do similar logic to what we have
here.
But again, filter jobs not by organization, but by job type.
And then later on, we'll see how we can consolidate these getters together to work hand-in-hand to
filter jobs by both criteria.
And again, we're kind of approaching this problem from a different direction in this section.
We're kind of writing all of our view Xcode first before we even define a component, before we even
wire up any slice of the user interface.
We're just taking care of all of our View X features first.
And that's totally fine because at the end of the day, all of this UX functionality is just JavaScript.
So there's nothing preventing us from writing a bunch of tests for it.
All right.
One more thing before we get to our unique job types getter, I just want to remind you in our debate
that Jason File that we have these 100 jobs that are going to come from our mock API and so on, every
single job object, we're going to get the job type from this property right here, job type, lowercase
j, capital T, for example, here it's intern and here it's part time.
Later on, you'll find a full time.
So what we want to do is basically the same thing we did with organization.
We want to loop through these jobs which are going to be, in our view, store state.
And we want to add all of these job types to a JavaScript set object because a JavaScript set object
will prohibit duplication.
And that's going to be a really easy way that we can get a data structure of just all of the unique
job types.
And later on, we're going to, of course, iterate over that set and render a checkbox for each job
type.
So.
With that said, I wanted to find a test for my unique job types getter.
I want to use TDD and I can imagine that our implementation and our test is going to be pretty similar
to this one right here.
The one we have for unique organizations that I'm going to do here.
Let me collapse my other test right here.
I'm just going to copy and paste this test from line four to line 16 down below.
Still inside, might get as described, but a little bit below here.
And I'm just going to modify it to work for my new unique job types getter.
So we're still using TDD because we're still going to use a test failure to drive our implementation.
But since this one is going to be very similar, I see no problem with copying and pasting the test
from above.
We just have to be really careful here as we make our adjustments.
So the first adjustment of course is that we're no longer going to be testing our unique organization's
getter.
We're going to be testing a new one that we're about to write, call, unique job types.
And it's not going to find the unique organizations.
It's going to find the unique job types from a list of jobs.
Then what we have here is a mock view store state, and here we have a jobs property.
Our jobs property is still going to stay the same because we're still going to iterate over our jobs
in the real world and filter for their unique job types.
However, we no longer care about the organization property on any given job object.
We care about the job type property.
So I'm going to replace all of these organizations with job type.
In fact, I'm going to use a shortcut in this code, which is I'm going to select the first one and
then on a mac, I'm going to Press Command D to select the next occurrence and command to select the
next occurrence as well.
I believe on a windows this might be controlled D, but in case it doesn't work, just feel free to
delete them all manually.
So here I'm just going to press escape to delete them all at the same time and I'm going to write in
job type here.
That is the property that I just showed you in the DB that Jason filed.
So of course, the string we have on the right here doesn't really matter, but let's make it a little
bit more realistic because Google isn't really a job type.
So how about we make the the first job type a string of full time?
The second one will be a string of temporary, and the third one will be a string of full time as well.
And the reason I'm going to have three job objects is just to verify that we are removing our duplication
here.
So here, instead of our together being called unique organizations, we can obviously give it a more
appropriate name.
And I think the most obvious name here would be a getter like unique job types.
We're still going to pass in our mock view store state, which is this thing right here.
And what do we expect it to do?
To iterate over all those jobs and to get a set object of all the unique job types that they.
At the end, what this getter should return is a set with two strings, full time and temporary.
It's going to remove all the duplicates for us, and the final return value of this getter will be a
set.
So when I save this, it's going to fail.
Obviously, a lot of things are not going to work, starting with the fact that we do not have a getter
called unique job types.
Then later on, if we were to follow TDD, it would tell us that we're not returning a set, basically
driving us to our final implementation.
But as I mentioned earlier, we can speed up a little bit here.
So what I want to do here is define my constant for my unique job types getter.
So let's first head to my constants, just file.
And in here, luckily we already have a section for the job types constants.
So right here I can define a new a new one called unique job types exactly what my test expects.
So let's define that right here.
Save that file and we can transition to our getters vault here at the very top.
I can start by importing our new unique job types constant.
I'm going to do that.
How about below here?
So unique job types is now in my constants file, which means down below we can define a new getter
called unique job types.
Like any getter, it's going to be a method that receives the View Store State as the very first argument.
So we can do that and it's going to be very similar to our implementation above.
So once again, I'm going to begin by creating a new set object which are defined to assign to a constant
called unique job types.
And I'm going to make that a set.
Then I want to iterate over all the jobs in my view store state.
So on my view x state, I'm going to have a jobs property and I'm going to iterate over each one using
a for each loop or a for each method.
And to this we provide a function that is the function that JavaScript is going to run for every job
object.
So I'm going to provide job as my parameter to this function.
And what do I want to do in each of those iterations?
I want to take my unique job types set, and I want to add whatever string I have in that jobs job type
of property.
And we just saw this in a DVD JSON file.
So we're going to iterate over 100 jobs.
For example, we're going to push or add 100 job types into the set.
But of course, the set is going to not care about duplicates.
It's going to discard them.
So at the end of the day, our set is going to have just the unique values from all of the hundred jobs
that we iterate over in the real world or in our test world.
There's obviously only three jobs to iterate over, but the exact same idea.
And finally, very importantly, I have to make sure to return to my unique job type set at the very
end here.
Save that.
Let's let all of our tests run because we modified the constants file and hopefully we get what we want
in our test and we do our getters that test, that Jess file is passing right here, which means we
are correctly iterating over the jobs property.
We are correctly accessing the job type property from each job.
We are correctly gathering them in a set.
We are correctly removing duplicates.
So this test is capturing a lot and our implementation works and hopefully it was obviously a little
bit easier to implement because we're simply following the inspiration from our previous example with
organizations.
So the very next lesson, when I do something similar, we're going to follow that implementation to
create a new getter for filtering the jobs by the unique job types.
I'll see there.